docs: Starknet state-Edits and clarifications (#943)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Network_Architecture/starknet-state.adoc

:stem: latexmath

Starknet's state consists of:

* xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-classes.adoc[Contract classes]: a mapping

> between class hash and the class definition

Author: ```suggestion
between the class hash and the class definition
```

* xref:architecture_and_concepts:Smart_Contracts/contract-classes.adoc[Contract instances]: a mapping between addresses (251-bit field elements) and the contract's state.

A contract instance's state consists of:

* xref:Smart_Contracts/class-hash.adoc[Class hash]: defines the functionality of the contract
* xref:Smart_Contracts/contract-storage.adoc[Contract storage]: a key-value mapping where the key/values are field elements
* xref:Accounts/approach.adoc#replay_protection[Contract nonce]: the number of transactions sent from this contract

> With the above definition, we can provide a brief outline of Starknet's transition function. A transaction stem:[$tx$] transitions the system from state stem:[$S$] to state stem:[$S'$] if:

Author: ```suggestion
[#transitioning_to_a_new_state]
== Transitioning to a new state

A transaction stem:[$tx$] transitions the system from state stem:[$S$] to state stem:[$S'$] if:
```

* stem:[$tx$] is an xref:Network_Architecture/transactions.adoc#invoke_transaction[invoke] transaction, and the storage of stem:[$S'$] is the result of executing the target contract code with respect to the previous state stem:[$S$]. The arguments,
contract instance's address, and the specific function entry point are part of the transaction.

> * stem:[$tx$] is a xref:Network_Architecture/transactions.adoc#deploy_account_transaction[deploy_account] transaction, and stem:[$S'$] contains the new contract instance's state at the contract instance's address. Additionally, the storage of stem:[$S$] is updated

Author: ```suggestion
* stem:[$tx$] is a xref:Network_Architecture/transactions.adoc#deploy_account_transaction[deploy account] transaction, and stem:[$S'$] contains the new contract instance's state at the contract instance's address. Additionally, the storage of stem:[$S$] is updated
```
